# Glossary

## UDP

UEFI Distribution Package

## UEFI

Unified Extensible Firmware Interface
http://www.uefi.org/


## EDK II

EFI Development Kit, version II that provides updated firmware module layouts and custom tools, superseding the original EDK.

## EFI
Generic term that refers to one of the versions of the EFI specification: EFI 1.02, EFI 1.10
or any of the UEFI specifications.

## DEC

EDK II Package Declaration File. This file declares information about what is provided in the package. An EDK II package is a collection of like content.


## INF

EDK II Module Information File. This file describes how the module is coded. For EDK, this file describes how the component or library is coded as well as providing some basic build information.


## GUID

Globally Unique Identifier. A 128-bit value used to name entities uniquely. A unique GUID can be generated by an individual without the help of a centralized authority. This allows the generation of names that will never conflict, even among multiple, unrelated parties. GUID values can be registry format (8-4-4-4-12) or C data structure format.

GUID also refers to an API named by a GUID.

## PCD

Platform Configuration Database.


## PPI

A PEIM-to-PEIM Interface that is named by a GUID.


## PEIM

An API named by a GUID.


## PROTOCOL

An API named by a GUID.


## Library Class

A library class defines the API or interface set for a library. The consumer of the library is coded to the library class definition. Library classes are defined via a library class .h file that is published by a package.


## module

A module is either an executable image or a library instance. For a list of module types supported by this package, see module type.

## module type

All libraries and components belong to one of the following module types: BASE, SEC, PEI_CORE, PEIM, DXE_CORE, SMM_CORE, DXE_DRIVER, DXE_RUNTIME_DRIVER, DXE_SMM_DRIVER, DXE_SAL_DRIVER, UEFI_DRIVER, or UEFI_APPLICATION. These definitions provide a framework that is consistent with a similar set of requirements. A module that is of module type BASE, depends only on headers and libraries provided in the MDE Package, while a module that is of module type DXE_DRIVER depends on common DXE components.

## Package

A package is a container. It can hold a collection of files for any given set of modules. Packages may be described as one of the following types of modules:
- source modules, containing all source files and descriptions of a module
- binary modules, containing EFI Sections or a Framework File System and a description file specific to linking and binary editing of features and attributes specified in a Platform Configuration Database (PCD).
- mixed modules, with both binary and source modules

Multiple modules can be combined into a package, and multiple packages can be combined into a single package.